Assignment --------------------------------------

Your group is working on behalf of Forestview to create a proposal / “mock” application. 
This application deals with data storage. 
It will allow the user to use Python to add, store, and retrieve data (see project detail).  
This is part of Forestview’s upcoming SafeZone© proposals to key customers, such as Dell EMC.  

The individual’s responsibilities are the following:
  Application Coding
  Coding Compliance
  Presentation
  Written (including technical documentation)

Requirements ------------------------------------

1.) APPLICATION CODING ------
  The application language is to be Python3  
  The app must store, forward, and search data sets, such as an employee database.  
  A graphical UI must be included (tkinter)
  Storage solutions include lists, dictionaries, and pickling 
  At minimum, track name, position, SSN, home address, email, phone numbers, skills and have unique identifier

  SSN, email, and phone numbers must be in a PROPER format
  Application to be packaged and transmitted as a “.exe” using ‘pyinstaller’
  Comments are appropriate and explanatory; contain necessary information
  Code can’t be executed if imported
  See “proposed coding tasks and task sequence” for detailed requirements.  


2.) CODING COMPLIANCE ------
  User input to be filtered
  Use must comply with a user agreement as a condition to the downloading of the application
  Within the user agreement, the following must be addressed: data privacy, application sharing, and other appropriate language (eg.. “user may not sell or distribute data without the express consent of Forestview….”)

  IMPORTANT: you must also provide a unilateral indemnity clause, precluding Forestview from legal ramifications for things such as data breaches, zero-day attacks, and database worms, such as SQL injection.
  Include language indicating periodic vulnerability assessments against your system, and that you also demand said preventive actions from all your key vendors
  State that requirements will change over time, as technology and the overall security landscape changes



3.) PRESENTATION ------
  A demonstration must be provided, showing the adding of at least 50-1000 records (ZOOM recording)
  This demonstration must include attempts to add so-called “forbidden” characters (“#$%^…..)
  Technical instructions to be included ON THE application homepage
  Offer delivery options (eg. “we are working on a CLOUD implementation….”)
  See “sample webpage” and sample directory hierarchy

4.) WRITTEN (including technical documentation) ------
  State your case!!
  Format is Times New Roman, 12 point, double spaced
  Include similar technical documentation from the website
  Include hosting quote in various platforms, such as AWS
  Include future recommendations
  APA references